# SOFTWARE BETA TEST AGREEMENT

THIS SOFTWARE BETA TEST AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into effective as of <TODAY’S DATE> between REsynque, Inc. a Delaware corporation (“REsynque”) and the user (“Tester”). Both entities may be referred to as “Parties” or “Party” in this Agreement.

### Definitions.

a. Beta Software means the interactive real estate transaction management system hosted on REsynque.com and any affiliate sites (the “Software”). The Software will be hosted in the cloud with access granted to the Testers only and serves as a portal for assisting all parties related to real property transactions. The Tester will use the Software solely for the preceding purposes. The Software and its functionality is considered confidential information of REsynque and may not be disclosed to others absent the prior written consent of REsynque.
b. Beta Test Term. This Agreement shall continue until either Party provides notice to the other of its intent to terminate for any or no reason (the “Term”).

### Beta Test. 

REsynque grants Tester a limited, revocable license to use the Software during the Term for Tester’s business purposes, subject to the terms of this Agreement. At the end of the Term, Tester will stop all use of the Software, and delete or destroy all copies of the Software and any related documentation, unless otherwise countermanded in writing by both Parties.

### No Fees. 

REsynque will not charge Tester any fees for its use of the Software under this Agreement.

### Feedback. 

Tester shall provide REsynque with feedback regarding Tester’s use of the Software. REsynque may take such feedback into consideration as REsynque continues to develop the Software. Any and all such feedback shall be considered the confidential and intellectual property of REsynque, and Tester shall have no rights to such intellectual property.

### Feature Requests. 

Tester may request additional features to be added to the Software, and REsynque may use commercially reasonable efforts to incorporate such requests into the Software. REsynque shall never be obliged to grant or reject any feature request, and all intellectual property relating to such features shall be the sole property of REsynque.

### Tester Representations and Warranties; Indemnity. 

Tester represents and warrants that it will use the Software only for the intended purpose described herein. No other use of the Software is permitted except in those cases where Tester has obtained REsynque’s prior written consent. Tester acknowledges that REsynque does not exercise control over the other members of the Software except for its ability terminate a member’s use in the event of a breach of its agreement with REsynque; accordingly, Tester represents and warrants that REsynque is not responsible for its or any other member’s misuse of the Software. Tester shall fully indemnify and hold harmless REsynque for any costs or liabilities arising out of Tester’s use of the Software.

### Restrictions on Use; Proprietary Rights. 

The license to the Software granted herein shall only enable Tester to permit Tester’s employees and non-employee contract workers to use the Software. No other users shall be permitted. Tester shall not disclose the Software, or any information about the Software, to any third party without the written consent of REsynque. Tester shall have no right to: (i) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, copy, adapt, modify, or create any derivative works based upon any Software or any component thereof; (ii) install on, use or link with, or incorporate the Software into any other software application or program; or (iii) license, sublicense, sell, transfer, distribute, lend, or otherwise dispose of the Software. REsynque and its third party licensors shall own all right, title, and interest (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights) in and to the Software and all related content and technology, including any feedback provided by Tester with respect to the Software. To the extent any rights in any of the foregoing would otherwise vest in Tester or any of its affiliates, or any of its or their respective employees or contractors, Tester hereby assigns (and will cause its affiliates and their respective employees and contractors to assign) all such rights to REsynque.

### Confidentiality. 

During the Term, either Party (as the "Disclosing Party") may disclose or make available to the other Party (as the "Receiving Party") information about its business affairs, products, services, confidential intellectual property, trade secrets, or third-party confidential information and other sensitive or proprietary information, whether orally or in written, electronic, or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated, or otherwise identified as "confidential" (collectively, "Confidential Information"). For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Software and its functionality shall be deemed Confidential Information of REsynque. Confidential Information shall not include information that, at the time of disclosure: (a) is or becomes generally available to and known by the public other than as a result of, directly or indirectly, any breach of this Section by the Receiving Party or any of its attorney, agents, or other persons bound by at least as restrictive a confidentiality agreement as contained herein (collectively, “Representatives”); (b) is or becomes available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a third-party source, provided that such third party is not and was not prohibited from disclosing such Confidential Information; (c) was known by or in the possession of the Receiving Party or its Representatives before being disclosed by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party; (d) was or is independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to or use, in whole or in part, of any of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information; or (e) is required to be disclosed under applicable federal, state or local law, regulation, or a valid order issued by a court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction. The Receiving Party shall: (i) protect and safeguard the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care as the Receiving Party would protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care; (ii) not use the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, or permit it to be accessed or used, for any purpose other than to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) not disclose any such Confidential Information to any person or entity, except to the Receiving Party's Representatives who need to know the Confidential Information to assist the Receiving Party, or act on its behalf, to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under the Agreement. The Receiving Party shall be responsible for any breach of this Section caused by any of its Representatives. The Receiving Party shall promptly return and shall require its Representatives to return to the Disclosing Party all copies, whether in written, electronic or other form or media, of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, or destroy all such copies and certify in writing to the Disclosing Party that such Confidential Information has been destroyed on termination of this Agreement. In addition to all other remedies available at law, the Disclosing Party may seek equitable relief (including injunctive relief) against the Receiving Party and its Representatives to prevent the breach or threatened breach of this Section and to secure its enforcement.

### Disclaimer; Liability. 

TESTER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SOFTWARE IS A “BETA VERSION” PRODUCT THAT MAY CONTAIN DEFECTS AND ERRORS, AND IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. RESYNQUE DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE SOFTWARE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. RESYNQUE DOES NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT IT WILL MEET TESTER’S REQUIREMENTS. EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM A PARTY’S FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS: (A) IN NO EVENT WILL A PARTY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY, “RELATED PARTIES”) BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MALFUNCTIONS, DELAYS, OR LOSS OF PROFITS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (B) THE TOTAL, CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF CAUSE OR THEORY OF RECOVERY, WILL NOT EXCEED $100.

### Miscellaneous. 

Sections 5 through 10 of this Agreement will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement is one of independent contractors. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the Parties as to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, representations, and promises between them with respect to its subject matter. This Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of each of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement may not be amended, except in writing signed by authorized representatives of both Parties. A waiver of rights under this Agreement will not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Party that is waiving the rights. This Agreement, and any and all disputes directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New Jersey, without reference to the choice of law rules thereof, and each party consents to the jurisdiction of Bergen County, New Jersey for all disputes arising hereunder.
